Review contributing Guidelines (#456)
ipfs/community: CONTRIBUTING_GO.md

#### Commit messages

Commit messages must start with a short subject line, followed by an optional,
more detailed explanatory text which is separated from the summary by an empty line.

> We _used_ to require license signoff commit messages (enforced by [GitCop](https://gitcop.com)) to ensure that all contributors agreed with the [developer certificate of origin](docs/developer-certificate-of-origin) and with licensing their contribution under the MIT license. However, with the move to a dual MIT + Apache 2 license going forward we have relaxed that requirement! From now on, commit message trailers are entirely optional.

Reviewer: This is super verbose for something that isn't required. Could we just say something like this:

```suggestion
Note: we have a dual MIT + Apache2 license and so do not require license signoff on commit messages.
```

Author: yes! Thank you
